In this argument, the author concludes that the so-called Palean baskets were not unique in Palean. To bolster this conclusion, the author points out that the brim river is very deep and broad, In addition, he indicates that ancient Paleans could have crossed it only by boat and no Palean boats have been found, However, these all do not compose a logical argument, in favor of it's conclusion, and fail to provide convincing support marking this argument reasonable and invulnerable.

First, a threshold problem involves the definition of no boats have been found, the arguer fails to define this critical term, no boats have been found means there is no boat have been found for now, but it could be found maybe after a year, two years... the arguer try to make the term no boats have been found equals there is not boats, which is incorrect. In short, the origin term means the time of founding boats is not sure, not forever, without a clear definition of no boats have been found, it is impossible to assess the strengthof the arugment. (偷换概念)

Secondly, even if the first conclusion is right, the arguer fails to establish the causal relationship between the river is very deep and broad and boat is the only way Paleans could have to transport the Palean baskets. Maybe there are other factors contribute to the transport, maybe the basket could flow from the river by it self, also, maybe the boats is made by Lithos, and Lithos people visit the Palean village by boat, so before they return, the Palean people send them some Palean baskets as gift, we don't know.(因果关系)

Thirdly, the author also claims that the river is very deep and broad, This assumption is unwarranted because things rearely remain the same over extended period of time. the authoer try to claim that river is deep and broad for now does not means the river is always deep and borad, maybe at that time the river is not that deep for people to cross, maybe people could just swim across it, we don't know. and for the best situation, the river could did not exist at that time, so the people could just walk through it.(时间外推)

To sum up, the arguer fails to substantiate his claim that the so-called Palean baskets were not unique in Palean, because the evidence cited does not lend strong support to what the author maintains. To make the argument more convincing, the author would have to provide more information about the river's deepth at that time, the two village's more detail information and so on.
