##GRE argument模版

###开头段模版

In this argument, the author concludes that…

To bolster this conclusion, the author points out that… 
In addition, he indicates that… 
Further more, the arguer sets sb or sth as a typical example to support… 

However, these all do not compose a logical argument, in favor of it’s conclusion, and fail to provide convincing support making this argument reasonable and invulnerable.

###结尾段模版

To sum up, the arguer fails to substantiate his claim that … 

because the evidence cited does not lend strong support to what the arguer maintains. 

To make the argument more convincing, the author would have to provide more information with regard to… 


###正文段写法

1. 调查类错误（survey & study）

As for the survey that the article cites, ____ do not necessarily reflect ______. For example, _______. Moreover, the speaker fails to indicate the percentage of ______. 

Does not have reference value.

In short, without better evidence that the survey is statistically reliable, the author cannot rely on it to draw any firm conclusions. 

2. 论据含糊（Vague Evidence）

3. 因果类错误Cause and Effect Fallacies）

The arguer fails to establish the causal relationship between A and B.
...
Lacking evidence that links A to B, it is presumptuous to suggest that A was responsible for B.

4. 时间外推错误（All things remain unchanged over time）

The author claims that …, because… 
This assumption is unwarranted because things rarely remain the same over extended period of time. 
...
Any of these scenarios, if true, would serve to undermine the claim that…

5. 比较错误（Analogy and comparison）

The arguer’s recommendation relies on what might be a poor analogy between A and B. 

The analogy falsely depends on the assumption that both A and B is similar. 

However, it is entirely possible that ...

In short, without accounting for such possible differences between A and B, the arguer cannot prove that B will reap the similar benefits from the proposed methods.

6. 整体个体（What is true for a member is also true for the group）

One problem with the argument is that it assumes that the nationwide statistics about …  apply equally to ... 

Yet this might not be the case,for a variety of possible reasons. 

Perhaps ...
or perhaps ... 

Without ruling out such possibilities, the author cannot justifiably conclude that …

7. 平均值（Average）

8. 偷换概念（Different concepts）

A threshold problem involves the definition of A. The arguer fails to define this critical term. 

If A is defined as B, then C, is irrelevant to whether … 

In short, without a clear definition of A, it is impossible to assess the strength of the argument.

9. 利润问题（profit）

The author’s conclusion that… is unwarranted. 

Profit is a factor relating to not only revenue, but also cost. 

It’s entirely possible that the cost of A or other costs associated with B, C will offset, even outweigh the revenue. 

Besides, a myriad of other unexpected occurrences, such as unfavorable economic depression, might prevent... from being as profitable as the argument predicts.

10. 考虑问题不全面（Falling to weigh the advantage and disadvantage thoroughly）

The author fails to weigh the advantage and disadvantage about... thoroughly.

11. 非此即彼（False Dilemma）

a. Even assuming A is not the reason for C, the author falsely assumes that C must be attributable to B. This “either…or” argument is  fallacious in that it ignores other possible cause of C, perhaps D, or perhaps E.

b. The editorial seems to make two irreconcilable claims. One is…; the other is ... However, this assumption presents a false dilemma, since A B are not necessarily mutually exclusive alternatives.

12. 条件问题（Sufficient Evidence and Necessary Condition）

The editor’s recommendation depends on the assumption that no factors other than A caused B. 
However, common sense informs me that this assumption is a poor one. A myriad of other factors, including C or D, might be the cause of B. 

To be specific,…, without ruling out these and other possible causes, the editor cannot justifiably conclude that only by A can B.

13. 可行性（feasibility）

14. 绝对化词汇（All / Any / Anything）


